so I asked Chris what's it like
to have
flown before social media and
then why in the error social
media
times are different so I just
asked Christer reflect
on the difference between then
and now when you're asked to do
something I'll be out like to
buy a share the experience was
the right way
my first flight grab the camera
this is a 1995
Hasselblad seventy millimeter
film it right take a picture up
someplace
and first thing is what was a
good picture not to get the a
stop to get everything just
right
I don't know see your bracket
you hope and then you get home
in a few weeks later they have
this big roll of film and you're
looking at what the heck is that
and you know I think that
picture is OK and then make your
printer video yeah that's a nice
picture
i'd like a slightly San endemic
use light and now you have this
little tiny slide
some place on earth and now how
do you are you
show that to the person that
it's interesting to now
on the station just with the old
days with social media
you can grab onto the cameras on
board take a picture someplace
cool click
belligerency computer and on
Twitter immediately say
not just two people from that
place but around the whole world
say look at this
look at this place and the power
that was amazing to watch
stuff happens so fast on a space
station you're going to a quick
around the world is an excellent
Space Place
and often YouTube had a goal
that was amazing but I don't
have time to think but right now
I'm gonna
I just have to shell my reaction
to that think I may take
pictures or something
and later on when I think about
it and I still
was delayed emotional investment
you have to you have to you
can't keep up you just overwhelm
you if you try to keep up mostly
with what's happening especially
journal shows like but even on a
space station fly
if if if you and I were by the
big window on the space station
and I when we went around the
world once you get what would I
show you what would
you look at this look what's
coming look up ahead at Melton
acker look
we do we get to talk your look
what we're gonna see online and
France
15 seconds later cool would you
say that social media has
boosted public interest in space
I think I can look at all your
numbers art most astronauts have
a twitter handle
rajko everyone knows everyone
now
for at nasa had 8.7 million
follow your
up the Mars Curiosity rover the
rover has 1.8 million followers
more than hatfield or millions
you I look like most other parts
yeah